DOCS-468: Updated docs/README.md (#8319)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/README.md

# Contributing to ClickHouse Documentation

## Why You Need to Document ClickHouse

> The main reason is that ClickHouse is an open source project, and if you don't write the docs, nobody does. "Incomplete or Confusing Documentation" is the top complaint about open source software by the results of a [Github Open Source Survey](http://opensourcesurvey.org/2017/) of 2017. Documentation is highly valued but often overlooked. One of the most important contributions someone can make to an open source repository is a documentation update.

Reviewer: no newer surveys?

Author: I couldn't find

> Many developers can say that the code is the best docs by itself, and they are right. But, ClickHouse is not a project for C++ developers. Most of its users don't know C++, and they can't read the code. ClickHouse is large enough to absorb almost any change without a noticeable trace. Nobody will find your very useful function, or an important setting, or a very informative new column in a system table if it is not referenced in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many developers can say that the code is the best docs by itself, and they are right. But, ClickHouse is not a project for C++ developers. Most of its users don't know C++, and they can't understand the code quickly. ClickHouse is large enough to absorb almost any change without a noticeable trace. Nobody will find your very useful function, or an important setting, or a very informative new column in a system table if it is not referenced in the documentation.
```

If you want to help ClickHouse with documentation you can face, for example, the following questions:

- "I don't know how to write."
    

>     We prepared some [recommendations](#what-to-write) for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We have prepared some [recommendations](#what-to-write) for you.
```

- "I know what I want to write, but I don't know how to contribute to docs."

    Here are some [tips](#how-to-contribute).

- "I don't know what to describe."

>     Ask us, and we will provide you a choice.

Reviewer: how? and who's "us"?

Writing the docs is extremely useful for project's users and developers, and grows your karma :-)

**Contents**

- [What is the ClickHouse Documentation](#clickhouse-docs)
- [How to Contribute to ClickHouse Documentation](#how-to-contribute)
    - [Markdown Dialect Cheatsheet](#markdown-cheatsheet)
    - [Adding a New File](#adding-a-new-file)
    - [Adding a New Language](#adding-a-new-language)
-  [How to Write Content for ClickHouse Documentation](#what-to-write)
    - [Documentation for Different Audience](#target-audience)
    - [Common Recommendations](#common-recommendations)
    - [Description Templates](#templates)
- [How to Build Documentation](#how-to-build-docs)

<a name="clickhouse-docs"/>

> ## What is the ClickHouse Documentation

Reviewer: I give up for now... it doesn't look lightweight

Author: There is no much text further :-).
